{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt ??\'a8\'ac?};}{\f35\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Estrangelo Edessa;}{\f37\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@SimSun;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f170\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt ??\'a8\'ac?};}{\f410\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @SimSun Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f35\hich\af35\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2885828\rsid9058306}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info{\title ChinaW & Physiographic Macroregions Copyright Statement}{\author lb}{\operator lb}{\creatim\yr2007\mo2\dy1\hr17\min56}{\revtim\yr2007\mo2\dy2\hr9\min58}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords437}
{\nofchars2491}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws2923}{\vern16437}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9058306 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9058306 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af35\hich\af35\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\insrsid9058306 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 
ChinaW & Physiographic Macroregions Copyright Statement
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 RELEASE DATE: January 2007
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 Please read the following statement.  Use of the ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets will indicate your agreement to all terms as written below.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (1) \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets were produced by the University of California-\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 Davis, Regional Systems Analysis Project [REGIONSYS] by the authors:

\par }{\insrsid2885828 
\par }\pard \ql \fi120\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2885828 {\insrsid9058306 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 Dr. G. William Skinner
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2885828 {\insrsid2885828 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35   Dr. Zumou Yue
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9058306 {\insrsid9058306 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35   Dr. Mark Henderson
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (2) ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets are distributed by the China Historical GIS Project [CHGIS], Harvard Uni\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 
versity  (www.fas.harvard.edu/~chgis)  Official Versions of this dataset are available only from REGIONSYS, CHGIS, or the original authors.
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (3)   Access to, and use of, the ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets are restricted to non-commercial us\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 
e for academic research and educational purposes.  Any commercial use requires a License, which may be obtained only from the REGIONSYS or the original authors.
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (4)   Use of the ChinaW and PhysiographicMacroregions Datasets requires citation of the follow\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 ing sources and copyright holders:
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid9058306\charrsid2885828 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 Mandatory Citations:
\par }{\insrsid9058306 
\par }{\b\insrsid9058306\charrsid2885828 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 "ChinaW Dataset" (c) Zumou Yue, G.William Skinner, and Mark Henderson. Davis: University of California, Regional Systems Analysis Project, Jan 2007."
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 "PhysiographicMacroregions" (c) G.William Skinn\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 er, Mark Henderson, and Zumou Yue. Davis: University of California, Regional Systems Analysis Project, Jan 2007."
\par }{\insrsid9058306 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid2885828 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid9058306 \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (5)   You may use portions of the new data in any new work or publication of your own, including text or images, but in your publications you must:
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35     * follow normal scholarly practices and conventions for attributing the source of the CHGIS Data as spe\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 cified above.
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35     * clearly and prominently identify what parts of your work incorporate the CHGIS Data and how they have been used, and
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35     * clearly and prominently identify all changes you made to the CHGIS Data and when you made them.
\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (6)   You may \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 
not incorporate the entirety of ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets in a work of your own, whether modified or not, without the express permission of the original authors in a separate License Agreement. No commercial use or repackaging of this
\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35  \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 
dataset is allowed, in any form. Redistribution of ChinaW and Physiographic Macroregions Datasets datasets in electronic media format, or by downloadable distribution over the Internet is not allowed, except under written agreement with original authors.

\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (7)   While every reasonable effort has been made to insure the accuracy of the data, the authors cannot guarantee its accuracy or its suitability for any specific purpose. Use of the data is entirely your responsibility. 

\par 
\par \hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 (8)   Your download and/or use o\hich\af35\dbch\af13\loch\f35 f the CHGIS Data under any circumstances implies your acceptance of this Copyright statment and all of its conditions.}{\insrsid9058306 
\par }}